Update identity-proofing-testing.md (#564)
GSA-TTS/identity-handbook: _articles/identity-proofing-testing.md

---
title: Identity Proofing Testing
description: >
  Tips and tricks for testing identity verification ("proofing")
category: "AppDev"
subcategory: "Development"
layout: article
---

## Choose your environment

We operate a number of different environments, and testing behavior is different in our lower environments (such as `int` or `dev`). 

> You can use a sample application to start an identity-verified authentication: 
> * `prod` - https://prod-identity-oidc-sinatra.app.cloud.gov/
> * `staging` - https://staging-identity-oidc-sinatra.app.cloud.gov/
> * `int` - https://int-identity-oidc-sinatra.app.cloud.gov/
> * `dev` - https://dev-identity-oidc-sinatra.app.cloud.gov/

Reviewer: A few ideas:

one: link to the page where we list all the sample app envs so we don't risk these getting out of date?

```suggestion
You can use a [sample partner application]({% link _articles/appdev-cloud-gov-deploy.md %}) to start an identity-verified authentication.
```

the other: linkify the URLs here
```suggestion
You can use a sample application to start an identity-verified authentication: 
* `prod` - <https://prod-identity-oidc-sinatra.app.cloud.gov/>
* `staging` - <https://staging-identity-oidc-sinatra.app.cloud.gov/>
* `int` - <https://int-identity-oidc-sinatra.app.cloud.gov/>
* `dev` - <https://dev-identity-oidc-sinatra.app.cloud.gov/>
```

[gmail-trick]: https://gmail.googleblog.com/2008/03/2-hidden-ways-to-get-more-from-your.html

## Pass a YML for images (in `int` and `dev`)

Instead of uploading images of IDs (since we aren't supposed to have PII in sandbox environments),
you can upload a [specially-formatted YML file](https://developers.login.gov/testing/#data-testing).

## Sample SSN (in `int` and `dev`)

Our developer docs have [sample SSNs](https://developers.login.gov/testing/#personal-information-verification)
to get desired behavior.

## Simulate fraud tooling (in `int` and `dev`)

> See [Device profiling and fraud detection](/articles/device-profiling.html) for testing details.

Reviewer: we can Jekyll build the article URL for us (which helps if we ever add custom permalinks, etc)
```suggestion
See [Device profiling and fraud detection]({% link _articles/device-profiling.md %}) for testing details.
```
